Integration and User password reset (#321)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_database_integration.html.markdown

---
layout: "ovh"
page_title: "OVH: cloud_project_database_integration"
sidebar_current: "docs-ovh-resource-cloud-project-database-integration"
description: |-
  Creates an integration for a database cluster associated with a public cloud project.
---

# ovh_cloud_project_database_integration

Creates an integration for a database cluster associated with a public cloud project.

With this resource you can create an integration for all engine exept `mongodb`.

> Thanks to the integration feature you can have your postgreSQL logs in your OpenSearch DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take a look at the list of available `types` in the Àrgument references` section in order to know the list of avaulable integrations. For example, thanks to the integration feature you can have your PostgreSQL logs in your OpenSearch Database.
```
